hey it's Halloween and only 25 days till
the american music awards and I popped
in to talk about music celebs fashion
and tons more a streamy award winner and
YouTube sweetheart stop by to talk all
things a mas and we're stealing five
minutes max I'm Lance Bass and this is
amas on demand Hannah Hart is in the
house everyone thanks for stopping by my
place and hanging in the dirty pop
studio of course it looks fantastic well
thank you very much so your first video
my drunk kitchen buddy yo such a
poet by the way it has racked up almost
3 million views you became uber famous
and the rest is history that's true i've
made a professional career out of
getting drunk in the kitchen so voting
is happening right now for our AMA
nominees who are you pulling for I'm
really pulling for the Hedgehog that
plays Miley Cyrus in that 122nd parody
video okay we pulled our AMA fans on who
they think deserves to win this year's
favorite pop male artists here are the
results JT one forty-seven percent and
Brunner came in second at forty three
percent only eight percent voted for
Robin Thicke well if your favorite
pop/rock male artist isn't at the top
hit up am a vote calm and vote for who
you want to win you can also vote via
Twitter just tweet the handle of the
artist you want to win hashtag mas and
the category they are nominated for all
right we've got some broken game a news
you've heard it here first two
performers at the 2013 american music
awards will be florida georgia line and
one direction oh my gosh the girls are
going crazy alright this week's top four
asked you guys on Facebook and Twitter
if assure were a well-known superhero
which one would he be I think you can
guess three of the four most popular
with him think I can I know I can't I
was doing if uh sure were a superhero he
would be the best guy at seating people
in a theater uh sure man or maybe a
gusher man
hands out candy all the time or maybe
pusher man and he goes around a giant
plushie one all right good try but this
week ma fans had some crazy answers
almost as crazy as hers let's check them
out sixteen percent thing uh sure would
be Superman eighteen percent voted
saying he beat Hancock twenty one
percent believe usher would be the Dark
Knight himself and the most popular
answer this week with forty five percent
Spidey's spider-man what superhero would
you like to be Hannah I'd like to be a
superhero that never misses a deadline I
love you so much can you just stay in
the basement for the rest of your life
with me I've heard that before all right
be sure to check out the amas on
facebook and twitter to vote in next
week's pop for where we want to know if
you had to listen to one song for the
rest of your life what would it be is
this what i taunted not quite okay
before our time runs out let's play
tricks or tweet i'll show you three
celebrity tweets and you'll have to
guess if they're real or imposters get
all three of them right and you'll win
your very own drunk kitchen Ouija board
together recipes from the ghosts of
hipster lesbian chefs before you write
but if you lose you'll have to charm me
with a special halloween dessert you
ready I sure hope so alright trick or
tweet katy perry said if i were a cookie
i would be a thin mint Girl Scout cookie
FYI i'm gonna say that's a trick because
everybody knows samoas are the best of
the Girl Scout code I'm gonna agree with
you on that one but a hundred percent of
our fans knew that was a tweet from our
favorite California girl Katy Perry
number two Miley Cyrus said it's my life
i'm at work if i want to i'm gonna say
that's a trick because Miley Cyrus does
all her tweets and caps sixty-four
percent of you knew that twerk my friend
was a trick last one trick or tweet
Drake said I'd never tweet what I'm
doing because it'd just be like yo who
else is up eating granola and watching
Aubrey Plaza interviewed snippets I have
a lot of similarities with Drake so I
know for a fact that's a tweet because I
would do that he does wear a nice vest
that was a tweet from our boy Drake and
seventy-five percent of you guessed it
alright solid effort Hannah but since
you lost what I got 23 well it's only
fifty percent it is now time to put your
kitchen skills to the test with some
seasonal ingredients all right here's
your cauldron we have
ready yeah werewolf hair whoa ghost
tears and oh we have a nice little
pumpkin spice always needs some pumpkin
spice uh-huh and of course a lovely
Cocola okay mmm it's bubbling in this
pot I've got a lot of stuff that will
turn out so hot whoa-ho torque would you
do to my cauldron well this happens
every time it's very normal and I made
you this case Oh Mike look how beautiful
this is well I had no idea you were so
bewitching in the kitchen oh yeah now
what's better than show-stopping fashion
on the red carpet zombies oh yeah we
zombified some of our favorite music
stars Hannah as fast as you can guess
who these three undead creatures used to
be okay um my first guess is Lady gaga
my second guess is definitely lady gaga
and yes for sure lady gaga oh well first
off fifty-four percent of our fans do
that was Carrie Underwood 55-percent
spotted pink and seventy-five percent
correctly identified Rihanna even as
zombies these ladies are smoking hot oh
yeah all right our times up so let's
bring this home Hannah thank you so much
for stopping by the dirty pop studios
tell us how we can see more of you well
first of all thanks for having me Lance
this has been awesome and you can find
out more of me at youtube.com slash
harto or follow me on twitter at heart
though it's as easy as that guys check
out Hannah's channel now come back right
here next week a special guest and I
count down the 2013 american music
awards sunday november 24th at eight
seven central on ABC and the party kicks
off with a mas coca-cola red carpet live
pre-show at five p.m. eastern on yahoo
the AMAs calm and ABC com
you